And uh, whatever we learn, one area we apply on another, and uh, I think that we are doing
a constantly better job than the area of, of the burning house, the person.
The youth have already, uh, whether you have exposed the, the many specific instruments
and security risks in other installations.
I don't think that is best, I have information.
Well, I'd have to check that out.
I'm going to push that.
I've got a foil.
You have been created for the kind of your statements that the morale of the army has
been adversely affected by the activities that force the amount of the explosion.
The development of the better of the security risks, I think that there is a situation
may be improved here, but surely it's a part of the, the part of the army has been
concerned by the emphasis with the amount of people that use the gun, uh,
assuring those who are too defective, who show up, they work by your department in
exposing the elements in other installations.
Can you do that?
Well, I think that, uh, we've done an increasingly better job throughout the department of the
army in all of our installations and in all of our units in finding security risks
or subversives and taking the final action with respect to them.
And there's been a lot of, uh, testimony in my guide to that before the armed services
are committed in the Senate.
You can spend a stroll in that very vast, uh, persons, uh, where the units that are
engaged in, uh, have their, uh, boy mama.
I'll have 20 points specifically to any other agencies where, uh,
separation is not been exposed in other installations.
That was a possible, but I'd like to get the actual facts before I attempt to serve.
But you think that clearly, uh, investigation can benefit the fire of a sub-deleteate boy
that was on the side of the party.
Saturday was back upon the activities with the army and other persons.
I think we're doing a better job.
We do recognize, unfortunately, essentially, uh, uh, exposing the strict policies and the
sub-agendas because that's the place to, uh, the popular global management.
The army is ready.
Uh, certainly we have to be assured in every way that the army installations are free
by the means of sub-ersion.
I recognize that it's a completely centered war shack and I started on my very first day
in office to do something about it and I just had a relentlessly ever since and intend
to continue that.
And there's an agreement I've presented for many years.
It's all about taking the liberty of the activity to just the media for it.
My love, you make criticized the prosujo methods, but you do a move highly of any work
which was done by any congressional committee to expose each the person.
And I do.
And you intend to continue to the best of your ability and the maximum capacity of the
person of the army to give assurances to the American people that the army is in free
and support you as it is possible to be.
That's correct.
Mr. Ralph, have you, you have had this?
Thank you, sir.
I don't think I needed it this moment.
I'll pass for this moment.
Sir, I'm happy you're on Mr. Column.
I'm happy, no?
Column is broadly as nice.
You know, Brian, why is Column a photographer, Stanley, who is the leader of the committee
and the television people who are under the energy complaining that all they get is
the facts that the pictures of the truck.
Now, they have a building and will you please take your pictures and give it all?
I'm a nearly no-seated situation.
That's a no-one.
Now, there's a fourth man.
There's one car off.
I notice Mr. Ralph's objective to the third man being cut off.
There's only objection to the army's desire of having cut off the fourth man.
I take it that size of a picture of a car, that size of this picture.
You don't plan the car to be cut off because the fourth man is cut off.
Let me answer this now.
If you take off the third man, does that seem to cut up into a wide u-room?
Yes, sir.
It does.
It does in the Sunsenor of McCarthy that yesterday Mr. Jenkins asked me the question
and it surprised me very much if I had my picture taken with David Shion,
along with him.
But my memory was possibly not too good on that point.
He immediately refreshed my memory with the production of that picture.
Let me answer this.
The man that took this picture was not a trust photographer.
This was taken of McGuire or Dave.
The only photographer who's frozen for the Army and listed the photography structure.
I don't know how imaginable the airport was an airport space.
You know how old the bones were, but why not take the pictures of Donald and the Army
and let's go request it to do so?
But they went around like the men here in the 20s to take pictures of that real, really.
I can't remember having had the top-materials, but to have my picture taken,
so in the other sense, it's been 40 years, I've got my 30,000 times.
But now, I look much more at you actually.
I assume Mr. Shion, my understand that seems to change, or, or, or, or, but,
I assume Mr. Shion got the picture from the Army.
Do you know whether they, when you request a lift,
or they really got a ticket in front and Mr. Adams or whether he also has a third and fourth man on him?
I'm not serious. I don't, I can't ask that question. I don't know what he got.
Otherwise, you know that someone from the Army,
Mr. Shion, the photograph, and I can understand how he would be proud.
If I have a Army having a picture taken with the secretary,
I can understand when he finds that why he would not put on,
I don't know this, but I'll put it out on his over here.
If I'm second, then he might start with a satellite.
You, you're playing, you're playing, lad.
As of now, you don't remember asking the proprietor to take the picture.
I certainly do.
You don't remember asking, I do not remember asking.
As far as I'm taking off, the fourth man who's taken off by the Army Department,
the fourth man who's either taken off by Mr. Shion or someone else,
as far as from where it is this picture,
this picture is actually going to do to you after it was won today.
Well, I don't think I'm going to say anything about the picture,
or the one about the doctor.
Well, I'd like to see them.
Would you examine those two, Mr. Secretary?
Examine the picture of you and Shion.
Tell me whether they've any got things,
except I believe here, little less of your leg on one of them,
the other, little less of Mr. Shion's taken one of the other.
Other than that, is there any change in the picture?
Let me, let me, let me say that,
I don't think there's any improper with your cutting your picture taken with Mr. Shion or anyone else.
The view of the practice matters,
well, it's up this morning, I think the picture is doing a good sum of details.
Let me check, I didn't get the question.
It's a question before me. I like to know a lot of it here.
If it's a question, I will be the question.
The question is Mr. Secretary,
and if you have your age, let's back down so I can speak it.
Okay, okay.
The question is,
if I was cutting off the picture,
then we'd cut off a picture by the end of the program.
I assume it's not bad.
And if I was cutting off the third man,
so did I cut off by Mr. Shion or someone like many would find that I believe,
what they can tell them this man,
if I was to them,
is the picture of you and Mr. Shion's completely accurate,
is there any doubt in any way?
I'd have to examine closely.
I'd say that they're looking at it quickly,
but that's probably true.
It's not a democracy,
so that's the bit that it leads to really accurate.
But I think over looked the measure,
how were the pictures,
which is that it was introduced on the basis that I had for a picture of the senator
with Shion alone.
I have no recollection of the pictures,
but I think it's a picture.
And the picture that the other picture here is money,
for the picture is not the case.
That's what they say,
the value of your picture was trying to roll with another kernel.
Five lines between that and that doesn't concern me.
I think it's been probably all.
I think you're entitled to your picture taken before you want it.
But do you think that having another kernel in the picture,
having another kernel in the other side of the price,
if anyone's by the term on the other,
does that decrease the significance or increase the significance of the company?
I think it increases the significance of what's happening here,
tremendous for it.
Because it shows that somebody has taken it upon themselves
that the information is going to come before this committee.
So how about the other thing you would say about that?
Who does that, you know?
I have no idea who that other one is.
It might be Senator McCarty.
No?
I'm sorry, Mr. Smith.
That's a good idea.
Mr. Smith, the comments that were not the same as the time
and perhaps the chair'll be a girl like this morning
and bearing to repeat the committee rules.
And it's pretty generally understood I'm sure about.
Those who have noticed anything about the committee's station
chair, there ought to be no manifestations of a proposal
or disapproval at any time in any way from the other.
The officers have a standing order
to polite the express from the rule and people violating that rule.
I would not join the enforcement guidelines
and not only accept the officers during the force assessment.
Which I would rate the authorities to have these decisions heard
or they'd be remembered as guests who are all happy to have you here.
But you must comply with the committee rules.
And I'm a guy, about all my time, about all my time.
Mr. Stephen, you said this right away,
but you might run all of them because I was there,
but you followed fire for over a couple of seconds.
I noticed this was not my habit of taking it.
So let me ask you this, you have actually shared man beings
that are all, I can see where you were.
I think that's a little bit of gentleman's deck.
Do you have actually thought man beings that are,
I think we should find out from the photographer first,
or whether or not that is the size of the fill
and the first exactly where it's cut off automatically.
I think that's a good idea.
Mr. Secretary, I guess that you said the other guy that
you wanted to get the hearing from a friend,
you have to succeed in the last, have you not?
You have to succeed in getting the hearing
in a coming of individual questions and the military
and the family.
This is the first to complete out of the day, but not.
I don't know how much you would think that time,
but I probably would.
You testify to the day that you, one of the most family hearing
in a coming in to the official November.
I said that as the day of the test, it's complete.
They're convicted for spending.
Do you think?
I don't know whether they are or not.
But you said you wanted to hear me suspended.
I have filmed that George Comett, he is still active,
you said you made a special point the other day,
so I did not want the investigation suspended.
I wanted to hear you suspended.
You know what I have been on hearing?
Thank you.
Thank you all for this, you should be a fast-referring
with your phone, with your sharing myself.
But if you haven't successful, then I don't regard that.
It's successful at all.
Well, let's see.
You want to hear me suspended, right?
I wanted the type of hearing change.
When I used to be able to do that, you wanted them suspended.
Are you changing that, personally?
I wanted to have this.
I was, I stated it several times yesterday,
and I'll say it again.
But I wanted to have the constant hammering of the army
over the head with respect to Fort Monmouth,
stop because it was creating an impression
in the minds of the American people,
as well as the army that was not a fair or accurate picture.
Mr. Secretary, all the things you said yesterday
are what they can do.
I tried to do it in the right way,
but yesterday you answered Mr. Dengue's question.
You said that you didn't want to stop the hearing,
but you wanted me hearing you suspended.
It's magic.
If you insist, I'll be glad to go through the test room, dig it out.
I said that I thought the state,
Fort Monmouth hearing, it served its purpose and tributes as well.
And that we would carry it on,
we would make progress reports to you,
that there wasn't satisfactory investigation
but they continued anyway on your part,
on part of the story,
and that you come right back into the picture.
The problem has been a very simple question.
Did you yesterday say that you wanted to have the hearing
suspended?
I said that I wanted to have the hearing.
You just know me yesterday, no?
Let's look up the record.
Don't you remember?
I was talking to a client,
and there's a great funny thing with that thing
that I'm trying to remember
as much I can as these questions come along
and get out the facts right here in front of this committee.
And I may not always be able to immediately answer
to recall something as you are now
as the senator has expired.
The primary here is the agreement of the committee
with chairman, when I was secretary of defense,
if you will, the staff at that company
will be accountable as you call it,
but chairman has the best call of this time,
Mr. Roy Cole.
Mr. Cole comes with a campaign.
He's a very good guy.
We're going to found the first person on the atmosphere
to get the truth to hold you down.
Nothing much to do to help you, sir.
I do, sir.
You may be seated.
I have a chance to be out.
I have to ask the record indicate
I am not represented by councilman.
None of the various persons here
is aged representing me in any way.
I am here myself, and I am here to answer any question
which Mr. Jenkins might have to ask of me.
And I welcome an opportunity to state
the circumstance of this picture
and the fact that it was taken after request of Mr. Steven
and as the other witnesses decore,
to establish that fact.
Constituency.
For the purposes of identification
you are Mr. Roy and Cole.
Yes, sir.
Council for this committee.
That's right, Mr. Jenkins.
Mr. Cole, since my apartment
has a special attorney for this committee,
I have sometimes,
and to your office,
it's consultation with you as other witnesses
that you expect to introduce
in an effort to ascertain
your size of this controversy,
is that not correct?
Jenkins, you have ended a spin out of the fire
to give the early facts,
which is what we hope to establish
and think I believe that life
needs me as to the sessions
were concluded about five DMs,
I spent some three or three and a half hours in your office,
as I have done all these things.
Two years to that.
I think once I've left my hand,
I think for a side of so-and-you
that I've prepared to Mr. Steven's
or Mr. Adam's, Mr. Adam's
rather this controversial first,
and I've spent some four five days in consultation
with him and there witnesses at the Pentagon.
That's it, so it has all been as far as you know,
and as far as I know,
opening a board out my class
for the purpose of ascertaining the facts
is out not correct.
Now that's Mr. Cole's
day before yesterday,
perhaps late in the afternoon,
in the evening,
you and I have a considerable conference
that may not affect
with respect to your tributes
against Mr. Steven's and Mr. Adam.
Is that correct?
Yes, sir.
I ask you whether or not in that conference,
a meeting of the time,
or perhaps all the time,
Mr. Frank powder is present
and Mr. James Union,
and myself and you,
I believe that's correct.
I ask you whether or not Mr. Cole
is doing that conference
as a table for yesterday.
You stated to me,
excuse me, Mr. Jenkins,
you say the day before yesterday,
but I am not a conference
as a table for yesterday.
Yes, today is today is Tuesday.
That's correct.
I believe it was the end of last day.
I think you have to ask your right about it
because that's making it a big difference.
Come in here.
Conference with Union
and in my questioning,
you respect to the allegations
of the Democratic Committee against Mr. Steven's
and Mr. Adams.
You stated to me that on November 17th,
and this inquiry is concerned,
Mr. Cole, we understand,
does the one issue now in controversy alone,
and that is with respect to these photographs.
You stated in the organization
that Mr. Steven is the Secretary of the Army.
On that date,
the question is,
David Shine, the before the draft,
we'll meet.
I stated that,
and that's the fact that I will prove it.
And give or not,
you tell or any who will present the Democratic Union.
I know them to say,
Right.
I believe I told you,
some of the people who are present,
I might have told you all of the people who are present.
Is there not,
you tell me that you have this documentary evidence
in the part of my photograph
to substantiate that statement?
Mr. Zankas,
I wonder if we could do it this way.
Could I give you my recollection
at exactly what I just did?
I would love to be fine
and would certainly encourage me
and provide you with a new way
in our opportunity to do so.
Thank you, sir.
As I recall it,
I told you,
with reference to the particular charges about threats
that I have supposedly made to Mr. Steven,
concerning private Shine,
with regard to improper inducements and persuasions
that have been attempted by Shine himself
and other than his behavior.
I told you, sir,
I believe that I saw a very substantial proof
of the bad taste of Mr. Steven,
and making those charges now,
was the fact that long after,
the threat that supposedly been made,
long after these inducements and persuasions
that supposedly been made,
Mr. Steven was not only most solicitous
to private Shine,
but was in his company and not once, but twice,
at ask that he's photographed with private Shine.
That is what I told you, sir,
and that is the fact.
Now, I told you specifically,
that on November 6th,
when Mr. Steven invited all of us,
to his office for lunch,
and when at that lunch he asked us to stop the hearing,
and told me,
I'm sorry to interrupt you,
but you are now addressing yourself
to the events of November 6th,
and Mr. Steven's also to panic on it.
I want to talk about the photographs,
if I may.
With respect to November 6th,
with the reading of the event of November 7th,
that's right.
And will you confine it
to the photographs alone?
I will, sir.
And what was said,
and then you gave them Mr. Steven on a date?
I will have the good-for-the-show.
On November 6th,
Mr. Steven had invited,
then in a car with Mr. Crab,
I felt and Mr. Shine,
who was then in the Army,
for lunch at his office.
Mr. Shine did not come because he did not care to come.
He declined the invitation.
When we arrived there,
there was a plate set for him at the table,
and Mr. Steven expressed great regret
and was surprised to come and get his reference
to the photograph.
When does it come?
I must ode his picture,
when I was fooled in by...
With reference to the photograph,
Mr. Steven said,
one reason I'm particularly sorry,
is not here,
is that a couple of the photographers wanted to say a picture
of him and me,
a day sign in myself,
and I wanted to have that picture taken.
Now, is that all that was said on November 6th,
reference to a photograph?
That is all it said.
I think on November 7th,
very well, I'll ask you whether or not,
you told me that you had documentary evidence
to the form of a photograph.
I'll miss your students and Mr. Shine,
collaborating your statements to me,
that Mr. Steven's request to do photograph
is taken by Shine.
Is that correct?
I told you so that we had,
as far as I know,
there was a picture of Mr. Steven
and private Shine taken.
I know that the other things that was,
and there it is.
That is used to produce that photograph
to me,
prior to my cross examination
of the Secretary of the Army.
I believe before you did that,
Mr. Jenkins, you asked me to explain to you
the circumstances under which that photograph was taken.
And I believe that I then told you.
And if I may not you tell me that it was taken on
medical issues,
I have to request to the Secretary of the Army.
I said that then, sir,
and I say that now,
and feel a little at home.
What is that original photograph introduced yesterday?
Delivered to me by you,
a member of your staff,
prior to my cross examination of the Secretary of the Army.
That's why this was.
This is being overstepped to me.
Up to this time,
about any person
being cut out of that photograph.
No, so I don't think anything was ever said to you
about any person being cut out of that photograph.
And I would like to tell you,
and the interest of accuracy,
exactly what was that,
and exactly what was done.
And you told, all right, fine.
I told you, sir,
actually I described the November 6th incident
in which Mr. Stevens expressed regret to his photograph.
That Mr. Shine does not accept his invitation
because stating his one reason
that he wanted his photograph taken.
That on November 17th,
when Mr. Stevens flew down
with us to Fort Six to see Mr. Shine,
that as we were getting off the plane,
there were a couple of bombing photographers.
Mr. Stevens says there were air force photographers
that they very well might have been there.
But there were a couple of military photographers,
let's say, who are waiting at the plane.
That's why Mr. Shine was waiting there.
So as General Ryan,
I believe I mentioned to you that Colonel Bradley was there,
that Colonel was out was there.
I believe I mentioned to you, sir,
that Colonel Bradley will be one of the people
who will throw into which.
I believe I mentioned to you, sir,
that Colonel Bradley will be one of the people
we will throw into which is for us in this parade.
I say that we will throw into which is for us.
And the photographer Steph Stov,
sent in a majority said that we had a lead for force
in very soon, and as far as he was concerned,
he did not want any pictures taken.
He wanted to get right inside and start working.
That at that point, Mr. Stevens
walked over to Private Shine and said,
this is a picture I would like to have.
It's one I've wanted and let's have a statement now.
I heard that, sending him a car, they heard that,
and Mr. Carr heard that,
that a picture was there upon saying,
I believe you asked me, sir,
whether or not such a picture was in existence.
And I believe I told you I brought that up law,
at which point I contacted Private Shine.
Private Shine said, yes, there has been such a picture in existence,
that he had framed on the law of his office
until recent events at which time,
I believe it was taken down.
I asked to think it gets back,
and said he saw the truth.
He went up to New York, he broke your bad picture,
he brought it down, I did not see it,
and I might say, sir, I did not know
of a Colonel privately with standing in the background or not.
As I think back on it, I think that there was brutal force
that was taken on that day.
I think Mr. Harris was in a couple of the pictures.
Now, Mr. Shine said that picture down here,
it was given to some members of the staff.
They took it down there to have copy of the picture made.
The pictures were copies of the picture were made.
One of the members there asked me what to do with it.
I told him send a copy of the picture of Steven
and Shine up through Mr. James, Sublon of Staten.
That was done.
I now find, I think, a member of the staff
that faced with some third person who was not recognizable
and was not recognized standing through the side.
But Mr. Steven and Mr. Shine were facing each other
and looking at each other.
There was a third person standing through the side
and they thought that that person had no relevancy
or had nothing to do with it.
And that the picture wanted was the picture of Steven and Shine.
But that's what was going on, that's what was sent up to you.
I did not see it before with that staff.
It was sent up and Mr. Steven went to establish the Colonel
and the Colonel's family.
The Colonel's family was standing to the side.
I remember he was the side of the plane as we arrived
and the commanding officer had a field.
And that Mr. Adams was standing next to Colonel Bradley.
I think so that's perfectly correct and proper.
And we're very glad to have that in the record.
And Mr. Gordon's now with me in the record.
We use the points of invariancy,
and specifically use this.
We're about to try to help examine the security of yesterday.
The picture that was delivered to me by yourself.
Yes, sir. It was a blowout.
It was not a blowout, that's right.
Was there not anything ever such to me about that picture
of having him edited R.A.S. first person?
Who might be who referred to a Colonel by me?
Yes, we know maybe it's not the picture.
Mr. Jenkins now thought that it was not set to you by me,
because I did not know it and I did not say it.
But one thing that's special with me,
you told me as I remember Mr. Corn and the correct number,
I ask you the question.
That you did have this picture of China in the secretary.
That's right.
Which would be delivered to me just after the photos.
I'll give you the question as who can be seen.
And I did not tell you that Colonel Bradley was standing
to the side, or I did not know it.
I did not know it's now and I think it may not be fine.
It may not be fine, but it's different for it.
And I would like it very clearly noted on the records.
This is a picture where the Colonel Bradley was standing
to the side or not.
This is a picture of Secretary Stevens and Mr. Shine
looking at each other, taken on an occasion
when Mrs. Stevens flew down the scene of Mrs. Shine.
After he claimed he had been threatened and improperly depleted
and induced and that the picture of Mr. Stevens
and Shine was taken as the request of Mr. Stevens.
You have already stated that Mr. Corn and his ears
have been issued to those who are all deaf side,
I cannot ask you.
I'm all in the subject of this picture of one of November 17th.
The members of this, today we're perhaps now desired to ask you
further questions.
I'll be glad.
Any question that any member of the committee wants.
I have just one question.
I think it is the original picture and which,
but we now have, before we start you call it, a blow.
Yes, it is the original picture in your position.
I can't you condition.
No, but I'm sure we can send it in one eye, got a number of papers
and stuff to attend to.
It's not in my possession, but I would say that if I'm sure I fund
the mic control, for the extent that we can get members of this
band to mustle around some place, and I'm sure we can get that out here.
I'm sure that before the committee, I'd like to do a sit-up
if I may.
I'd like to supply the original picture plus all of the blocks
which were made, from which the one of the sent-ups
and Mr. Jenkins plus, the rest of the other.
And we've got everything we have.
I'm sure everybody will be happy to see,
or they will be able to remove it, but among them
is the license in here, wait, you know, from which this
is the door, that will be supply.
Very well.
Senator Durkson has noticed that the charity had the road
of the Supreme Court to stand up with a particular reason
for having the day so far.
We will go to next year's service, then the law will be
sent to your objection, please.
I'm sorry, Senator.
Why would a kind of duty and time of power
send in time, Mr. Choney?
Yes.
Roy, I just want to ask you,
after time, Council yesterday was questioning
Secretary Stevens, trying to elicit from him
that at his only trust he had had his picture taken
was Mr. Shine, alone.
Did you then know that the picture that was only
exhibition and being made a part of the testimony
was taken out of a group picture and not a picture of
Mr. Stevens and Mr. Shine, alone.
Did you know that yourself yesterday when those questions
were being asked?
No, that is a matter of fact.
I did not even tax the word, a law,
put in the environment today.
I did not hear that word, and I did not tax that,
Senator McCraw.
Well, was not the purpose of the picture
and you're producing it and making it a vehicle
to counsel was a purpose,
also speculating your statement that
Mr. Stevens had requested that he and Shine
have their picture taken, alone, to get.
No, sir.
And I don't believe it.
I hope that the Jacksonville Vanillian
is that I haven't used the word a law.
I might say, I don't think the private
colonel Bradley is standing to the side,
changes the things one I owe to him.
But I don't believe I ever used the word,
along with Mr. Jackson for anyone else.
My recollection was that of McCraw and Andrews,
that Mr. Stevens wanted a picture of himself
and Mr. Shine.
I don't believe that he's excluded from the picture
of perhaps excluded from the picture.
Any of the other people, if it happens to Colonel Bradley,
who is standing next to the plane,
starts to reside as a picture,
but it possibly missed the atoms with next to him,
that might very well be felt there,
and I don't deny it for a minute,
nor do I assign any significance.
So the point here is that the picture was presented yesterday,
and it was to corroborate the allegation
and the questions that has been asked
if there is Stevens.
With respect to him, why is he
a picture taken alone with Mr. Shine?
That's why I have the time the picture was presented.
Now, through interrogated Mr. Stevens,
obviously under that impression.
Now, did you give him that impression that it was a picture
of the two taken alone?
Now, the picture is the impression which I gave to my home,
which is what the fact is I knew the more was,
that there was a picture of Secretary Stevens
and Mr. Shine taken at the request of Secretary Stevens.
I don't believe Mr. Jenkins ever asked me.
I don't know why he should have,
but I believe that he was a picture of Secretary Stevens
and Mr. Shine, a next three-starred looking at each other.
I believe that was as far as I went,
because that is as far as I knew that.
Well, you recognize that as it was these in yesterday,
in testimony, deliciousness from examination by council,
that the testimony as our yesterday did not present.
The fact that as they are, you recognize that.
There are in that tunnel,
Bradley was standing to the side in the fight,
Mr. Adam's might be standing next to them.
Well, that was not a picture of two people alone.
That was a proof picture,
and these, the picture of these two,
was standing side by side.
These two were standing side by side.